

Problem Statement:  An important factor when making any decision is risk. Risk is simply uncertainity in important outcomes that can potentially negatively effect you and others in the world. Therefore, managing and minimizing risk is generally seen to be a good thing, and one popular place where risk and risk management occurs is the stock market. When people have money that they dont need right now and other people want that money, they tend to turn to the stock market. Now, the combination of both risk and investing comes in the form of potentially predicting future values of stocks. From pseudo-science/statistics to guesswork to using every metric knwon to humanity, predicing future stock prices has been a commonly attempted project. I believe that for relatively lower risk financial instruments such as certain stocks that machine learning methods can be used to help predict future price movements.  While I doubt my model will be good at testing stocks with high volatility such as Tesla I believe that stocks such as Home Depot with a lower standard deviation the model will preform well.  My future job wil be dealing with economic statitics in relation to financial isntruments and so I thought it would eb a fun excersize to use a K-Nearest Neighbors to predict stock price movements as during my previous internship last summer I learned how to do a basic form of a KNN model that I would like to replicate.  

Data:  The data that I will be using is a Kaggle dataset of downloaded and compiled stock prices over the past decade.  For the pruposes of this project I will be testing Home Depot's stock price from 2014 to 2017 using an excel datasheet.  The variables including are as follows:  Date	Open	High	Low	Close	Volume	Dividend	Split	Adj_Open	Adj_High	Adj_Low	Adj_Close	Adj_Volume.  There are 1093 rows of data and the data is reputable as it can be easily cross referenced with actual publicly avialable historical stock price data.  


Below is the link for my final project video:
https://youtu.be/kh4Oiu5mpMY
